do you know how I knew your name was doc
you know what I'm talking about don't
you
I can remember when I was a little boy
my grandmother and I could hold
conversations entirely without ever only
not mouth she called it shiny and for a
long time I thought it was just the two
of us that had the shine to us just like
you probably thought you were the only
one but they are other folks though
mostly they don't know it or don't
believe it
how long have you been able to do
why don't you want to talk about it I'm
not supposed to do such a supposed to
Tony who's Tony Tony solo boy it was my
mouth just taunted the one that tells
you things yes
how does he tell you things it's like I
go sleep and he shows me things but when
I wake up I can't remember everything
does your mom and dad know about Tony
yes
do they know he tells you things no Tony
tell me never to tell as Tony ever told
you anything about this place about the
Overlook Hotel
you